if you want to impress your guests with
an extremely unique dessert coffee cup's
is your answer it's as simple as three
steps extremely extravagant and
delicious
this recipe is divided into two parts
for the coffee mixture I need 1
tablespoon of coffee 3/4 tin of milk
maid 2 cups of water and 1/2 a cup of
suji or semolina to start with in a
kadai I'm going to combine the milkmaid
coffee water and suji now I'm going to
mix these ingredients well to avoid any
lumps cook this on a medium flame till
the mixture thickens the mixture is
taken to the consistency I want I
already have here greased moles which I
have done with a little bit of butter or
oil these are hot I am going to leave
them aside and allow them to cool now
comes the second part we have to prepare
a sauce for which I need water tin of
milk meat quarter cup of water quarter
cup of milk 2 tablespoons of butter and
3 tablespoons of cocoa powder
dum da da
I'm going to stir this into a paste now
goes the milkmaids and butter the
milkmaid adds a beautiful rich sweet
flavour I'm going to heat this over a
medium flame till it's thickened and
coats the back of my spoon the coffee
cups are cooled down now I'm just going
to give it a tap and unmold them on top
of this yummy coffee cup I'm going to
pour with delicious chocolate sauce you
can serve the chocolate sauce either hot
or cold but I prefer mine just a little
warm this coffee cup is divine it is so
rich and tasty what a perfect dessert
for the perfect dinner party
for more delicious dessert recipes go to
make me dot in